### 14. View Recycling

We have to smart about using a device's finite memory resources. To display the list of words, we're going to use **View Recycling**. This is when you reuse views that are no longer visible on the screen anymore. 
A View in the case for NumberActivity and similar category activities is the whole layout for *a single row*. This is because a `ViewGroup` is considered a View. One row can be made up of multiple Views.

Using a LinearLayout to hold the potentially hundreds and thousands of words in the list will result in there being no more memory.
We can use something else to get around this memory limitation issue.
Using the `ListView` and `ArrayAdapter`, we can create just enough views (meaning list item rows) based on what we need to fill up the screen. This means if we scroll upwards, *we no longer need to see the views at the bottom of the screen*.

 Furthermore, we can recycle views. This means if a view is no longer visible on screen, we can reuse it by changing the data. So we can change the data inside the row view such as the text in a TextView, changing out an image in an ImageView. 
 We take these extra views and put them in a scap pile (scrap views) that can be recycled and reused. 
 The ListView is aware that there are views that have been scrolled off the screen that are no longer visible to the user so they can just be added to the scrap file. If they disappeared from the bottom, they will reappear at the top and vice versa. 
 The goal is to create as few list items as possible because it is expensive to inflate views from XML to Java objects. 

 The **memory monitor tool** is included in Android Studio to help you look at the amount of resources that your app is using. You can see the difference in memory usage is significant when you compare a LinearLayout that has a View for every row item vs. the ListView + ArrayAdapter approach.
Go to Tools->Android->Enable ADB (Android Debug Bridge) Integration (This is the connection between our device and Android Studio if you plug your phone in as opposed to running the app on an emulator).
Go down to Android Monitor in the runtime window, then click the memory tab. 



   