### 18. `ListView` and `ArrayAdapter`

Sidenote: there are different types of Views that can recycle views besides `ListView` like `GridView`, and `RecyclerView`.

You can think of a `ListView` as being powered by the `ArrayAdapter`. Without the adapter, the `ListView` is just an empty container. 
Being powered by the `ArrayAdapter` means that the `ArrayAdapter` *holds onto the set of data that should be shown on the screen*. 
So for example, it can hold on to an array or even a list of data. The `ArrayAdapter` knows how to translate this data (or adapt it) into a list item view that will be displayed in the `ListView`.

When you first associate an adapter to a `ListView`, the `ListView` will ask "How many items do you expect to display?" and the `ArrayAdapter` knows this information. 
Then the `ListView` calls the method on the `ArrayAdapter`.And in this method, the `ListView` will pass in an input, which is *the current position in the list that the user is currently viewing*. 
In the case below, it passes in the position 0. But the user might eventually go to position 1 or position 100 of the list. 


Knowing this information, the `ArrayAdapter` checkes the internal source of data, so checking an array for this example.


The `ArrayAdapter` also has instructions on how to create a list item view 


that the adapter will return to the `ListView`. 


When the screen is full, the `ListView` will stop asking for more Views from the `ArrayAdapter`. So the list item views are only created on demanded when needed.
When the Views are scrolled off screen, they are added to the scrap pile. In the example below, Jane and Karl were in index 0 and 1 respectively, and because the user scrolled, those names were no longer visible.
We can reuse the scrap views and pass them back to the `ArrayAdapter` when we request a new list item like Amy.
So the `ListView` will request the list item view for index 5(position 6) and pass in the scrap view. 
The `ArrayAdapter` can use the scrap view by replacing the data inside of it (for example, by calling the setText method on the TextView to change name of Jane to Amy).
