### 23. When the Create a Custom Class

Now that we've built a layout resource file, we want to pass it in to an `ArrayAdapter` constructor. But there is no constructor that takes two data sources. 
At the moment, we are passing in an `ArrayList` of strings to the `ArrayAdapter`.
To accomodate for 2 lists, we can take advantage of the fact that `ArrayAdapter` can take in a list *of any type of object*.
Instead of passing in a list of strings, we create our own object type. In this case, a `Word` object. 

We can define our own `Word` class and create `Word` objects from it, and then create a whole list of `Word` objects. 


A class definition contains both state and methods. 


An example of a custom class being used is in Kayak's app which books flights.
Each list item has a flight and different information always being presented in the same pattern.
Each list item represents information about a single flight object from that class.


If you think of the `flight` class as a box, each state is a tiny box made up of different fields such as airline, length of flight, cost, etc.
You can also add methods to this class AND other parts of the app can call on these methods. 
This custom object with state and methods is called **encapsulation** because all of the logic is being encapsulated into this class. 

Other parts of the Kayak app are aware that a `flight` object exists and it's possible to call the appropriate methods like `getFlightNumber()` and `cancel()`.
You only need to know that it's possible to call the aforementioned methods on a `flight` object. You don't need to know the inner workings of how the methods work.
This is known as *abstracting away the details*. 

A `Word` object should represent a single vocabulary word that we want the user to learn.
It should contain both the English and Miwok translations for the same word. 
Each of these translations can be stored as a string variable in the class. 

The following is a visual representation of the custom `Word` class:


For the `Word` object, we have a English (`defaultTranslation`) and a Miwok (`miwokTranslation`) translation.
We don't want to call the first variable englishTranslation because not all users of the app will be using the English language. 
*What* **state** *should a * **Word ** *object contain?* 
*What is the * **data type** * of each variable?*

There should be 2 `String` variables - one for the English translation of the word, and one for the Miwok translation of the same word.


*What* **methods** *should we have?*
A method to get the English translation, and a method to get the Miwok translation. 
