### 5. Verify Array Elements with Log Messages

We're going to write code to access elements in the array. Those values are used to set the text in `TextView`.
In this exercise, we're going to practice using the Android logs and becoming familiar with the **logcat** manager. 

Android keeps a system log of what is happening on the device. It's a running log of messages from the system.
You can think of it as a diary that states the time signficant events occur with a description of what happened. We can use these messages to determine what's happening in the device before the problem occurred.
We can use the error messages in the logs to help us debug the problems. We can view errors, but we can also write messages to the log (known as logging). This can help us temporarily debug our app or double-check the state of our app while it is running. 

The debug tool can add breakpoints at any of line of code to check the state of different variables in our app. We can use logging to do something similar to allow us to write the value of certain variables to the logs.
[This is a helpful article on how to write log messages.] (https://developer.android.com/studio/debug/am-logcat#WriteLogs) 

The categories of log messages are based on the severity or the urgency of the message. 
It ranges from verbose (which are messages that are nice to know) to error (which indicates there being severe issues such as when your app is running into unexpected behaviour). 

In this exercise, we're going to practice writing verbose log messages to check the state of certain variables in our app. 
For every type of log message, they require 2 strings as inputs. In the case of a verbose log message, the first input parameter is a tag name. Anybody can print to the logs, the Android systems, or other apps. So we use this tag name to identify where the message is coming from. 
Often for the tag, we just use the name of the activity or class that the logging statement is found in. 

For example, we can make the tag just be the NumbersActivity string. The second parameter is message we'd see appear in the logs, so whatever we'd like to see logged.
Ex. `Log.v("NumbersActivity", "Word at index 0: " + words[0]);`

Logcat should display these when you go into `NumbersActivity`. 