### 7. ArrayList inheritance and generics

When you look at the documentation for the `ArrayList` class, you see that it implements an interface named `List<E>`. So `ArrayList` must provide implementation for the methods of `List<E>`. 
 When you look at the `List<E>` documentation, all the methods listed can be called on an `ArrayList` object. 

 The following image visualizes sections of the inheritance of `ArrayList` and how the `AbstractList` class it extends and the `List<E>` it implements play a role in which methods `ArrayList` can invoke. 
 `List<E>` provided abstract methods that were not implemented. The `AbstractList` class implemented some methods and left others. `ArrayList` implemented the methods it received for free for whatever necessary uses there are. 

 When using anything that implements the `List<E>`, like the `ArrayList` class, you'll see in the method signatures that they call for something called E.
 For example, the `add` method says the input should be an object of type E, and the `get` method returns the value of an object type E. 

 This involves the topic of **generics** and **generic types** in Java. E *is just a placeholder*. Officially, E is known as a type parameter. 
 This means that when we create an instance of the `ArrayList`, we call methods like `get` or `add` onto an object, and we replace the E with a desired Object data type. 
 So if you want to create an `ArrayList` of type String, then in your head you replace all the E you see in the methods of the `ArrayList` documentation with String. So `add` would take an object which is a String. `get` would return a String object.
 
 E stands for **element**. Individual parts of a collection are called elements. The previously mentioned methods deal with elements in a collection of data.
 The `ArrayList` class is a generic class, because you can use any Object data type with this class. 

 Let's look at how to use an `ArrayList`:


Because `ArrayList` is a class, you invoke methods to access and modify elements in an instance of the class.
You also don't use square brackets, like how you would with arrays. 